is
the
no
hello friends music lovers well back at
usual appointment with the how
to play with the beautiful azure roma
has the slime
the hard thing about this song is
follow the riff that practically closes
the introduction because played on several
wanting strings you can help yourself with per
execution using both the pick
and let the fingers be like this
in any case it's a riff let's say it's not
always easy to do
so much so that they too often in
live were not flawless other
very pretty thing
in this passage is the use of the riff
in the part following the verse that
it tastes very hindricks are
we have seen a similar thing in the
in the autoplay episode of the song
of hendrix manic depression where precisely
there were some ideas of his own
this riff very very similar though
you wanted to improvise on this piece
pay attention to the shade because it can
often but not always deceive
this case in the demonstration
the first agreement does not determine in
so let's say precise the tonality of
a piece this part onwards I sell for
points all
the shade from which these are derived
agreements should be analyzed
harmonica that at the moment is not there
would take too long takes us
however not on a toning to say
higher but on a shade of sol
greater then if you wanted to improvise
on this track do not use the say scale
greater please